Fix the grammar by using the verb "set up" instead of the noun "setup" (#35179)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class.md

### 2. Create the corresponding RuntimeClass resources

> The configurations set up in step 1 should each have an associated `handler` name, which identifies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configurations setup in step 1 should each have an associated `handler` name, which identifies
```

Author: This was one that I had thought about most extensively before fixing, and I recognize that just fixing the verb did not make it less awkward.  I think that this rephrasing makes it easier to read:

"The configurations that were set up in step 1 should each have an associated `handler` name, which identifies..."

Author: I added a commit with that rephrasing.
